Answer the questions based on the data provided below
Hotel International Inn
Located at Mahipalpur, a short hop from IGI Airport, Hotel International Inn is a favourite choice for many for the unmatched comfort and conveniences offered. 
The hotel has a great location with proximity to IGI airport & metro station.
This 3-star property is a family friendly hotel with all the amenities for them.
It offers 24-hour concierge desk with courteous staff.
It has free parking space
Includes breakfast only.
Reviews 4 star out of 5.
Has TV, AC and free wifi connection with high speed internet.
Does not allow pets. 
Guests with fever not allowed.


Kelvish Hotel
Kelvish Hotel Located on Vasant Kunj Main Road Mahipalpur Near Delhi Airport. 
The property is very close to the Airport and Railway station of the city and offers taxi services to make the to and from commutation easy, The property is well connected to the city and is located near the important locations of Delhi.
The property offers modern amenities like a coffee shop, play area, 50-person conference rooms, etc, Kelvish Hotel Delhi Airport provides accommodation with a restaurant, free private parking and a shared lounge.
Among the facilities at this property are an ATM and a concierge service, along with free WiFi throughout the property. The accommodation features a 24-hour front desk, room service and currency exchange for guests. 

Allows private parties and events.
Includes breakfast lunch and dinner.
Reviews 3 star out of 5


1. Recommend me a hotel to stay for 3 nights near New Delhi Railway Station. I have four members in my family and need parking space for my car. It should have good service along ATM,TV, AC and wi-fi facilities. I also need Breakfast included.It should have good reviews from the past users.

2. I need a hotel near New Delhi Airport. It should be atleast a 3 star hotel and family friendly. I need only breakfast to be included. Also there should be free wifi, AC ,TV and ATM facilities. It should have good user reviews as well.
