Answer the questions based on the data provided.
Barbeque Nation
Location Park Street Area, Kolkata
Air condition, Valet Parking, Live sports screening, Kids allowed, Buffet
One of the best buffet places nationwide - where you have a widespread of unlimited delicious starters like 'Grilled Mushroom', ‘Crispy Corn’, 'Tandoori Paneer Tikka', ‘Cajun Spiced Potato’, 'Chilli Garlic Prawns', ‘Mutton Sheek Kebab’ or ‘Tangdi Kebab’ and many more. Don't miss the palak chaat and tawa fry fish from the live counters.
Classic main courses will never fail you here. Do try the lip-smacking ‘Dal Makhani’, ‘Chicken Dum Biryani’, ‘Mutton Rogan Josh’, or ‘Veg Chilli Garlic Noodles’.
Indulge your sweet tooth with desserts like Red Velvet Pastry, Cheesecakes, 'Chocolate Brownie', 'Kesar Phirni', ‘A classic combination of Vanilla ice-cream with Angoori Gulab Jamun is a must-try. For the Kulfi lovers, it's a tough call between Paan or Malai Kulfi. And for the ones who love a wild combo can twist the kulfi by mixing various flavors and create diverse combinations with the choice of toppings you wish.

Wafira
C-301, DC Block, City Center 1, Kolkata
Alcohol served, Smoking area, Air condition, Outdoor seating, Live music, Valet Parking, Live sports screening, Formal attire, Kids allowed, Dance floor, Bars & Pubs
The kebabs are melt in the mouth, especially 'Lasuni Murg Tikka and Murg Malai Kabab'
If you are a soup fanatic, then the 'Lemon Coriander Soup' is a must-try, where the stock has a beautiful depth of flavour and the soup itself is quite refreshing
'Mango Paneer Tikka' is a brilliant starter where there is a hint of green mango is the marinade and the paneer is fresh and soft
The cabana seating on the terrace is sought after
'K Local Non-veg Kebab Platter' has Chicken, Fish, Prawn and 'Mutton' in different marinades and is the perfect accompaniment to the cocktails and other spirits
The 'Lasagna', although made with chicken, is quite flavourful and a must-try

1. I want a restaurant near Park street Kolkata. I am vegetarian and my favourite dish is paneer. I will go with my family of 4 members with a kid. It should also have parking space for my car.

2. I am looking for a restaurant near Salt lake Kolkata. I am non-vegetarian and want a dish of chicken. I want seperate space for smoking and a bar. It should have live music and dance floor as well.
